Sorry for the trouble.
Oh, please come in.
Are you calling me?
Yes, thank you very much.
I'm so sorry for using your phone.
I want to call my husband and my wife.
Please come in.
It's okay.
I'm 86 years old.
Oh, my wife.
Thank you very much.
I'm very happy to meet you.
The udon restaurant isn't open.
I want to eat theflavoured udon.
But I can't.
Wait.
I was because I want it to be sustainable.
I want it to be without just your money.
This is his own way of taking it.
I'll do it.
I don't want to think of food right now.
And your granddaughter is getting old.
She said that the lightning was not a monster.
It was a power supply.
I said I won't lose.
I said it's not a joke.
It's not a monster.
That's the proof that I'm young and old.
I said that the lightning was from me who didn't have a power supply.
Please come to play with me.
And please come to the island of the sky.
I'm sorry.
What?
What time did you get the phone?
Yes, what is it?
I'm Hasegawa.
I want to call you.
Please come in.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
I'm from Kasai-o-ken.
I'm sorry, but I want to call you.
Hello?
Kondo, it's me.
It's me.
Misako, what happened yesterday?
I waited for you.
I'm not lying.
No, no.
I'm telling you the truth.
You were walking in the ginseng at that time.
No.
Who is the woman who was with you?
I'm telling you the truth.
What?
Mother?
You're an idiot.
Mother is not a monster.
You're not my sister.
You told me to take care of you.
You're a fool.
Oh, yes.
You're going to marry me.
I'll marry you.
But you can't do it.
I'm sure you'll kill me.
I'm sorry.
You can't be rude.
You went to the ginseng factory.
You're wrong.
I'm sorry.
But you're beautiful.
You're beautiful.
Think about it.
You're going to marry me.
I'll think about it.